# BioLogin-Dev
My goal in the project was to use the Microsoft Azure services for biometric algorithms because they already exist in the market and connect them to one product that will support the operating system I created and a variety of other operating systems (macOS, Windows).
My project allows these operating systems to connect to the computer and lock files.
I built an inheritance tree that includes: Authentication, which includes Enroll and Verify functions, and the classes of heirs from general authentication: face scanning, voice scanning, fingerprint scanning
(Fingerprint).
In addition, there are departments accompanying various scans, such as the Snap department, which is responsible for the face photography using the computer camera and record department, which is responsible for recording the voice of the user.
There is also the user representative class with all the necessary details that represent a user after a face / sound / fingerprint scan that I upload to a secure database (I use Google Firebase, the Firebase class I created responsible for uploading user information to the Google cloud) So that I can use it later (for example, when I want to connect to a computer).
To lock the files I use the FileLocker class to get File Path and biometric authentication to do Encrypt / Decrypt and disable / enable file / file permissions.
In this case, I use a strong AES encryption. At the moment, the key is randomly generated and securely stored in the cloud, but the ultimate goal is that the encryption key will be taken from user records (eg voice scanning), which are also stored in the cloud.
To enter the operating system, I use a method called Kiosk Mode
This method allows the app to appear in full screen without being able to exit this screen, my app wanted after the initial login as a startup item. As part of the instructions given to the user, I ask him to cancel the operating system password, so when he turns on the computer he will not have to type a password, but the program will open automatically in full screen without an option to exit until he enters with biometric authentication.
As a continuation of the project, I want to use the PAM system in Unix operating systems, and its role is to enable various means to be legitimate and safe authentication for the computer. Unfortunately, in order to write a PAM Module, I need extensive knowledge of C, which I do not have at the moment, but I am learning and I believe that I will eventually achieve this.
I would also like the system to work offline, that is, to use Open Source libraries instead of Azure, and to use local databases instead of Google Firebase.
